suddenly the peace is shattered a family
on high alert something in the bushes
has caught their attention
this den is in the heart of the family's
turf and it's unlikely even the stripes
have had the audacity to venture so far
into enemy territory but it is possible
equally possible a predator like a
leopard could be lurking out of sight
given away only by its scent whatever it
is the banded brothers aren't sticking
around as one they - in the opposite
direction heading towards the territory
boundary at the lodge
as they approach a mortal enemy is
spotted large monitor lizards are a
serious threat to mongoose of all ages
but especially abstract nevertheless the
banded brothers seem reluctant to keep
running
just ahead lies there pulled up with the
stripes and although they can't see the
stripes they seem to be able to sense
their presence in the area standing on
their hind legs to get a better view
they check the danger finally the
stripes are spotted and the bandits the
two rival families charge headlong at
each other using their teeth to full
effect
this is a vicious encounter
the winners are far from certain
but given their recent history the odds
are heavily stacked against abandoned
brothers